FONTLOG for the Denk One font

This file provides detailed information on Denk One Font Software.This information should be distributed along with the Denk One font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Denk is a medium contrast display sans serif. It was inspired by a hand painted German sign. Inder has been carefully adjusted to the restrictions of the screen. Despite having display characteristics Denk can be used in a wide range of sizes.

Denk One is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded.

More specifically, this release supports the following codepages: 
Latin-1, Latin-2, Turkish, Windows Baltic, Windows Vietnamese, Macintosh Character Set

The following Unicode ranges are supported:
Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement, Latin Extended-A, Latin Extended-B, IPA Exetnsions, 
Spacing Modifier letters, Combining Diacritical Marks, Greek, Devanagari, 
Latin Extended Additional, General Puctuation, Superscripts and Subscripts, 
Currency Symbols, Letterlike Symbols, Number Forms, Arrows, Mathematical Operators, 
Geometric Shapes, Miscelanious Symbols, Dingbats, Alphabetic presentation forms

There are four source files:

1. DenkOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. DenkOne-Regular.ufo with contour overlaps

4. DenkOne-Regular.otf PostScript outlines with merged contours OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

29 Jan 2015 (Eben Sorkin) Fjalla One v1.003
- Made the names table only use PID 3 (not 1) for a file size reduction 
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 1.3

20 Dec 2014 (Eben Sorkin) Fjalla One v1.002
- Added glyphs to suppport more langauges and uses

24 Nov 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Fjalla One v1.001
- Adjusted outlines and v metrics to improve windows Post-TTFA rendering.
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.92

25 Oct 2012 (Irina Smirnova) Fjalla One v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Fjalla One in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Irina Smirnova
E: irina.v.sm@gmail.com
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
